Do not be afraid of competition.
An exciting opportunity lies ahead of you.
You love peace.
Get your mind set…confidence will lead you on.
You will always be surrounded by true friends.
Sell your ideas-they have exceptional merit.
You should be able to undertake and complete anything.
You are kind and friendly.
You are wise beyond your years.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
A routine task will turn into an enchanting adventure.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Forget injuries; never forget kindnesses.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
It is easier to stay out than to get out.
Sing everyday and chase the mean blues away.
You will receive money from an unexpected source.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
Experience is the best teacher.
You will be happy with your spouse.
Expect the unexpected.
Stay healthy. Walk a mile.
The family that plays together stays together.
Eat chocolate to have a sweeter life.
Once you make a decision the universe conspires to make it happen.
Make yourself necessary to someone.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Dance as if no one is watching.
Live this day as if it were your last.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Reach for joy and all else will follow.
Move in the direction of your dreams.
Bloom where you are planted.
Appreciate. Appreciate. Appreciate.
Happy News is on its way.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
Borrow money from a pessimist. They don't expect it back.
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
Paradise is always where love dwells.
The one you love is closer than you think.
Love is like wildflowers…it is often found in the most unlikely places.
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
True love is not something that comes everyday, follow your heart, it knows the right answer.
Today is the day you make yourself proud.Expect only the best and that is what you will receive.
A new friend leads to unexpected success.
Doing what you love leads to living a life you love.
All your dreams will come true.
Happiness comes from within, not from without.
A new skill you learned will bring you success.
Your biggest obstacle is you.
Joy comes to those who face their fears.
The key to success is being willing to take the first step.
The things that hurt you in the past have made you a better person.
You will receive an important message from a beautiful stranger.
Happiness is on its way to you.
Success is not the key to happiness.  Happiness is the key to success.
Love is waiting in an unexpected place.
A new door will open that leads to success and happiness.
Do not fear change.  It is the only way to the things you want.
You will learn an important lesson from a stranger.
Sharing a smile with someone can change your life.
The object of your desire is within your reach.
Today is an important day in your life story.
Magic is all around you.
Unexpected good luck is on its way to you.
One act of kindness can cause a lifetime of happiness.
You will live a long and healthy life.
An adventure is coming your way.
Everything you desire is possible.
Always do your best and you will win.
Never underestimate the power of kindness.
An admirer will reveal themself to you soon.
The best things in life take time.
Your generosity will lead to your riches.
Everything will soon make sense.
Expect good things and they will come.
You cannot succeed without failing.
You will see something that is invisible to others.
If you eat enough fortune cookies, anything is possible.
A child will teach you an important lesson today.
You are admired by many for your positive attitude.
Good things are coming your way.
All good things come with patience.
Beauty is in your heart, not on your face.
Your future is bright and full of hope.
Your patience will bring you good things.
Dance like no one is watching.
You will achieve all you desire.
Your true love is sitting across from you.
You will overcome difficult times.
The secret of getting to the top is getting started.
All your hard work will finally pay off.
An old acquaintance will come into your life.
Others enjoy being with you.
Nothing is as bad as it seems.
A gift is on its way to you